welcome back to movie reviews today i
will show you a mystery horror thriller
film from 2017 titled happy death day
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the campus clock chimes nine
tree wakes up in a dorm room that's not
hers
carter turns around and greets her then
her phone rings to the sound of a
birthday song
she asks where her clothes are and
immediately stands up to get dress
tree asks for tylenol and carter
scrambles to find it when she's done
dressing he gives her the bottle of
pills
still trying to be nice to him she tells
him not to tell anyone about the
encounter they had as she's about to
leave carter's friend walks in and asks
if he slept with her
tree's disgusted with both of them
she walks outside and goth is checking
her out then a girl asked her to sign a
petition to stop global warming the
sprinkles came on chasing away a kissing
couple
a car alarm blares a frat guy is
torturing a few rushes and one collapses
as she walks past them
suddenly she stopped by tim her supposed
stalker a guy she had one date with and
doesn't like
she makes fun of him then leaves
she walks to her sorority and a girl
greets her tree goes to her room and
sees her roommate lori spendler tree
realizes she is late for class and
frantically gets ready lori then
presents her with a cupcake she baked
for tree
tree blows out the candle and dumps the
cupcake in the trash because of the
carbs lori is angry
tree walks into a class held by a
professor she has an affair going on
with
later that day she has lunch with her
sorority sisters as one of them becky
sits down with a high carb lunch deemed
bad by danielle
they make her leave because of it but
when she stands up carter walks into her
spilling a chocolate shake all over tree
she doesn't want her sorority sisters to
know she knows him and pulls him and
pulls him to the side
later she goes into a hospital where she
works at and declines a call with her
dad then walks into lori she knows why
tree is there and tells her what she's
doing could have serious consequences
tree walks into an office and the
professor walks inside
she instantly starts kissing him but
suddenly his wife knocks on the door
danielle invites tree to a party at a
dorm later that evening
tree heads through the campus alone and
passes a group of guys wearing the
school's sports team merchandise they're
the babies as she heads past a bridge
she hears the sound of a music box
tree goes over to pick up the box and
see someone with a baby mask standing a
few feet in front of her she threatens
to call the cops and the person runs
tree starts to leave but is then chased
by the masked person they eventually
catch tree and stab her to death tree
wakes up in carter's room at the
beginning of the same day clearly
freaked out and confused she leaves the
room and thinks she is going through
deja vu
she sees the same things from the other
day a goth checking her out girl asking
to sign a petition a kissing couple
scared away by sprinklers a car alarm
blaring a frat guy torturing a couple of
rushes and one passes out she looks
confused as she runs into tim again but
this time she asks him what day is it
it's monday the 18 tim tells her
she goes to her room and once again
rejects laurie's cupcake but this time
just leaves it instead of dumping it
during lunch tree warns becky before
carter bumps into her but the same
things still happen
tree heads over to the party again but
this time avoids the bridge
she goes to the dorm and is greeted by
someone with a baby mask causing her to
scream and punch the person in the face
it turns out to be nick danielle's
boyfriend
it's a surprise party for tree
she goes around drinking and trying to
enjoy herself
she goes up to nick's room where he
messes around with the mask for a bit
however the real killer shows up in the
room and stabs nick to death
when she's not looking tree gets a text
from danielle accusing her of hooking up
with nick behind her back and implying
it's happened before
tree is attacked by the killer who takes
her out with a broken bong piece
tree wakes up in carter's room again
she's even more freaked out this time
she runs to her room and tells lori that
someone is after her
lori calms her down and suggests she
take the day off and relax in her room
tree locks up the room and puts up
boards to prevent anyone from getting in
later that night the killer breaks in
any way
tree fights the killer off but is still
stabbed to death
after going through the same things
again tree explains her situation to
carter who is understandably confused he
suggests that she narrow down her list
of suspects until she can find out who
the killer is carter thinks the killer
may be specifically targeting tree on
her birthday which means everyone at
school is a suspect since danielle told
everyone about the surprise party
tree goes through several loops as she
goes after her suspects
she first goes after tim but catches him
in his room looking at gay porn
after dying again she suspects stephanie
but she spots stephanie moments before
the killer drowns her she suspects
danielle but ends up dying on her own
after the two get into a fight and they
get hit by a bus
after crossing off those names tree
suspects gregory might be the killer
trishi hides behind a tree and as
gregory walks past she hits him over the
head with a bat but as she checks to see
if he's alive she gets killed by the
killer
she wakes up in carter's dorm telling
him his plan sucked
she's getting weird pains in her abdomen
and as carter's friend opens the door
she faints in his arms
later she's in a hospital and carter
walks inside her room
he tells her it's monday the 18th and
the power shortage happens
suddenly the professor is standing next
to carter he tells him to leave
the professor who's also her in x-ray of
her lungs
tree wants to leave but he tells her
that she's safe there she asks him for a
soda to get him out of the room and when
he gets back she's no longer there while
going through gregory's office tree
finds a baby mask in his drawer
however the killer stabs gregory and
then chases tree into the parking lot
she takes a car and gets out as she
excitedly thinks she escaped death a cop
pulls her over for speeding
when she's cuffed and put in the back of
the car the killer drives past and hits
the cop the gas tank starts leaking so
the killer drops a birthday candle to
ignite the fuel and blow tree up
tree wakes up in carter's room yet again
she proves she knows what's going to
happen by pointing out some things that
she's been noticing frequently like a
car alarm going off sprinklers being set
off on studying students and a group of
activists standing together while one
member drops to the ground
carter takes tree to the nearby burger
place as she is now getting weaker with
each new loop she's getting worried that
she may be running out of lives tree
mentions avoiding her dad's phone calls
and tells carter that her mom passed
away three years earlier moments later
they then see a news report on tv about
a serial killer named joseph toombs who
is notorious for going after young women
tree believes he's the killer and that
she can finally stop him
tree and carter run to the hospital to
stop tombs but he has already killed the
security guard and escaped tree grabs a
fire axe and tries to run from tombs
carter protects tree but tomb snaps his
neck tree manages to incapacitate tombs
but realizes that if she succeeds in
stopping the loops carter will stay dead
she runs to the top of the bell tower
before tombs can catch her and she hangs
herself promising to find tomb soon
tree starts the new loop with more
positive energy
she greets carter warmly signs the
petition warns the kissing couple about
the sprinklers puts a pillow onto the
passing out student's head and when tim
approaches her she kindly tells him she
knows he doesn't like girls and that he
should be free to love who he really
wants
when she gets to the sorority she kindly
greets the girl sitting outside and then
she is nice to laurie
tree goes to gregory's class and
interrupts his lecture to pull him out
and tell him she is breaking things off
between them and that she's dropped his
class during the lunch meeting tree
shows up with a tray full of junk food
and proudly scarfs it down
although danielle tries to send becky
away tree doesn't let her leave and
instead takes becky's chocolate milk to
pour on danielle's head humiliating her
carter then comes by to return trees
jewelry and she kisses him in front of
the other sisters
she then invites carter to join her
later that night for her birthday
tree goes to have lunch with her dad
david
she admits to him that it's been hard to
be around him since her mother died but
she says she loves him and is sorry for
hurting him the two then laugh to
lighten the mood and they have lunch
tree prepares herself to go after tombs
she goes up to the security guard with a
knife and takes his gun before telling
him to go get back up tree then walks
into tomb's room and aims the gun at him
as he pretends to be asleep
she tries to shoot him but she forgot to
take the safety off
tombs gets up and fights tree brutally
slamming her against the wall
tree then remembers that a brief
blackout is supposed to occur which
happens at the right moment for her to
escape toombs's line of sight she
appears behind him and takes the safety
off allowing her to shoot tombs dead
tree and carter spend the rest of the
night together and she eats the cupcake
lorry made her after she blows it out
and makes a wish
tree wakes up once more in carter's room
the birthday ringtone plays
it's still monday the 18th
she becomes confused and angry wondering
how she could still be stuck in the loop
she runs to her room to find laurie who
offers her the cupcake again tree
declines it and says she ate it the
night before and then it hits her she
died in her sleep which is because the
cupcake was poisoned all along
she never ate the cupcake any time
before so she realizes lori was the
killer the whole time
since she works at the hospital lori was
able to set tombs loose and make it look
like he killed tree due to his history
[Music]
tree tries to make lori eat the cupcake
and even threatens to bring it to the
police
laurie comes clean and says this was all
because a guy she likes was more into
tree which tree thinks is a stupid
motive as well as lori saying tree's a
dumb [ __ ]
the two start fighting as lori tries to
finish tree off for good they are
interrupted by danielle from outside the
room as laurie has tree pinned to the
bed but tree manages to grab the cupcake
and shove it in laurie's mouth
tree then jumps up and grabs the ceiling
lamp so she can kick lori out the window
to her death
tree and carter are in a diner watching
the news report on the incident with
danielle doing an interview just for the
publicity carter starts to tell tree
that her situation reminds him of
groundhog day but she's never heard of
it or bill murray
[Music]
tree wakes up and hears the birthday
ringtone again
carter acts like she's just waking up
hungover again
tree starts to freak out until carter
reveals he was just pranking her and
it's officially tuesday the 19th they
laugh about it and kick ryan out when he
tries to come back inside before they
start kissing
make sure to subscribe and turn on
notifications so you can watch more
videos like this
thanks for watching